Wow, we're here! Couriway Town!
EEVEE: [EXCITED]
ASH: Whoa! Awesome!
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
BONNIE: Look at
the waterfalls, Clemont!
CLEMONT: Couriway Town is known
as the town of waterfalls.
SERENA: And it's the site of the
next Pokémon Showcase!
EEVEE:
[EXCITED]
SERENA: And it's where you're
going to make your debut.
I'm so
psyched! Are you?
EEVEE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: It's also
where I'm gonna win my
third Princess Key!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: Our heroes are now in
Couriway Town, where
Serena will find out if she
can move on to the Pokémon
Showcase Master Class!
BONNIE, PIKACHU: So cool
ASH: Yeah, check it out!
CLEMONT: This time,
the stage incorporates both
terrain and waterfalls!
SERENA: It's our
first performance outside!
EEVEE: [NERVOUS]
SERENA: I was really nervous my
first time, also. And I still
get nervous. But I'm also
really excited! Aren't you?
EEVEE: [UNSURE]
SERENA: Lots and lots of
people are going to watch us
perform. Isn't that wonderful?
EEVEE: [HAPPY]/[DETERMINED]
SERENA: All right. You're going
to have you dance during the
Freestyle Performance, okay?
EEVEE: [EXCITED]
PALERMO:
There's that girl.
JESSIE: So this is the stage?
I'll just show off
my giga‐gorgeousness and
win this time for sure!
JAMES: But if you
want to perform in
the Freestyle Performance,
you first have to get
through the Theme Performance.
MEOWTH: That's the rule
JESSIE: You leave that to me.
EEVEE: [WAKING]
EEVEE: [NERVOUS]
PANCHAM: [CONCERNED]
SERENA: Eevee?
SERENA: We'll all stay with
you until you can relax, okay.
Right here by your
side. Don't worry.
EEVEE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: My only real challenge
will be the Theme Performance.
As long as I get through that
MEOWTH: You will because we're
gonna find out what the theme
is ahead of time!
JESSIE: You're right. And that
is called wisdom.
JAMES: Pure
genius.
JAMES: Which one is it?
JESSIE: It's got
to be one of these.
MEOWTH: Oy vey.
This isn't it either!
‐JAMES: Come ON!
‐JESSIE: Come ON!
JAMES: We've run far enough.
We should be fine now.
MEOWTH: That was some freak‐out!
JESSIE: And who do you
think created this mess?!
MEOWTH: Hey, whaddaya got there?
JESSIE: Who knows? I just
grabbed whatever was nearby
JAMES: What a strange drawing.
JESSIE: Maybe this
is some kind of hint.
MEOWTH: Yeah, but what hint?
Maybe
it's an Ekans with a Mamoswine
jammed into its mouth
JAMES: To my eye,
it looks like a UFO.
JESSIE: So it's a performance
from another planet?!
JESSIE: Wait! Maybe this is
some kind of Pokémon hat!
MEOWTH: You may be right!
I'll bet they're gonna test
your fashion sense!
JESSIE: I'm sure of it. I'll
make the perfect Pokémon hat!
BONNIE: I got here first!
BONNIE: Look at all the people!
SERENA: Bonnie! Make
sure you stay close by!
You don't wanna get lost!
BONNIE: Okay!
NINI: Serena!
NINI: Hey! Hi! Hey!
SERENA: Nini!
ASH: Long time no see!
BONNIE: Hi, Smoochum!
Farfetch'd. How are you?
FARFETCH'D: [GREETING]
PANCHAM: [UNCOMFORTABLE]
SERENA: Wow.
You've got a Gothita!
NINI: It's my new friend.
GOTHITA: [GREETING]
BONNIE: So cute!
POKEDEX: Gothita. The
Fixation Pokémon. Gothita's
psychic powers are made stronger
by its ribbon‐like feelers.
When Gothita becomes fixated
on something, it's looking at
something only it can see.
SERENA: You're entering
the Showcase, right?
NINI: Of course!
One more Princess Key to go.
And this is where I'll get it!
SERENA: One more for me, too!
SERENA: I'm not gonna lose!
NINI: Neither am I!
EEVEE: [NERVOUS]
NINI: I haven't
seen Eevee before
EEVEE: [STARTLED]
SERENA: That's right! Eevee's an
amazing dancer.
NINI: Is
something wrong?
EEVEE: [SCARED]
SERENA: Eevee's shy.
It has to get to know you.
And that might
take a while.
PIERRE: Bonjour, Pokémon
lovers, and welcome! Get ready
for a competition magnifique!
The Couriway Pokémon Showcase
will delight, as we present
our Rookie Class Division!
PIERRE: Alors, I'm your dream
world guide. Monsieur Pierre!
PIERRE: Prepare to
witness a competition
par excellence!
The winner gets one step
closer to becoming
the queen
with this princess key.
PIERRE: Ladies and
gentlemen, tonight's exciting
Theme Performance
is on the screen!
JESSIE: Yes!
Pokémon hat making!
MEOWTH: Jessie's
a shoo‐in for headwear.
PIERRE: A Poké
Puff performance!
JESSIE: To think I stayed
up all night and made
twenty‐three hats
MEOWTH: I guess you'll
have to find twenty‐three heads.
BONNIE: This should
be easy for Serena!
ASH: Yeah. Her
Poké Puffs are great!
CLEMONT: I'm sure she'll get
to the Freestyle Performance!
PIERRE: In the
Poké Puff performance,
it is not just about
baking, but elegantly
and imaginatively
performing while baking.
PIERRE: The judging is very
simple. If you think a
performance is exceptional,
please cast your vote with
the Glow Castors
you have at your seat.
If a performer gets enough
votes, she'll pass the
Theme Performance!
PIERRE: Without further
delay, please welcome
our first performer. Nini!
PIERRE: Begin
your Poké Puff creation!
GOTHITA: [PSYCHIC MOVE]
NINI: Farfetch'd! Fury Cutter!
[FURY CUTTER MOVE]
SMOOCHUM: [HAPPY]
GOTHITA: [HAPPY]
SMOOCHUM, GOTHITA:
[ACCOMPLISHED]
GOTHITA: [PSYCHIC MOVE]
NINI: It's all done!
PIERRE: Très bien!
Nini has created a
beautiful‐looking Poké Puff!
SERENA: Nini was great!
PANCHAM, EEVEE: [AGREEING]
JESSIE: Boring colors.
MEOWTH: Anything Twerp‐related
is bound to be a snooze fest.
CHESPIN: [STRUGGLING]
CLEMONT: Chespin,
you've got to calm down!
PIERRE:
Alors, dear audience
PIERRE: If you enjoyed Nini's
performance, please! Grab hold
of your Glow Casters, and cast
your vote immediately!
ASH, CLEMONT, BONNIE: Yeah!
PIERRE: Performer Nini has
passed the Theme Performance!
NINI: Go US!
FARFETCH'D, SMOOCHUM,
GOTHITA: [HAPPY]
PIERRE: NowOur next performer
Let's welcome Jessilee!
WOBBUFFET: [EXERTION]
JESSILEE: Note Wobbuffet's
maximum power and speed,
fueling a super‐flour sift!
Now we add a touch of milk
WOBBUFFET: [HAPPY]
JESSILEE: And next, we
have Meowth's paw massage!
Creating a Poké Puff
with spongy spring!
JAMES: But wait everybody!
There's more!
JESSILEE: We top it
off with this!
MEOWTH: Meowth!
ASH: That's so cool!
CLEMONT: A Poké Puff
stamped with Meowth's charm!
JESSILEE: Now,
Meowth, Fury Swipes!
[FURY SWIPES MOVE]
JESSILEE:
Ooey gooey. Voilà!
JAMES: Poké Puffs!
Pokémon‐stamped!
CLEMONT: A Poké Puff with her
Pokémon's features. Wow!
BONNIE:
So melty and yummy!
CHESPIN: [STRUGGLING]
CLEMONT: I'll ask Serena to
make you some Poké Puffs later,
so please sit still a little
longer and enjoy the show.
CHESPIN: [HOPEFUL]
CHESPIN: [OBEDIENT]
CLEMONT: You're something else
huh
PIERRE: Now's the timeto
cast your votes!
PIERRE: There you go!
Jessilee has passed
the Theme Performance!
JESSILEE: Was there any doubt?
JAMES: She can do it!
She can do it! Jess‐i‐lee!
PIERRE: Alors! Our final
Theme Performance is next
and it's by Serena!
ASH: It's finally her turn!
BONNIE: You can do it, Serena!
DEDENNE: [CHEERING]
CLEMONT: Go, Pancham!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
EEVEE: [ENCOURAGING]
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT,
BONNIE: "Who's that Pokémon?"
BONNIE: "It's Gothita!"
PANCHAM: [EXERTION]
PANCHAM: [PLAYFUL]
PANCHAM: [HAPPY]
PANCHAM: [EXERTION]
PANCHAM: [ACCOMPLISHED]
SERENA: Finished!
BONNIE: Oh, wow! So yummy!
ASH: Go Serena!
CLEMONT: Really great. And what
amazing rhythm!
PIKACHU:
[AGREEING]
PIERRE: So now it's time to cast
your votes!
ASH, CLEMONT,
BONNIE: Serena!
PIERRE: Performer
Serena has passed the
Theme Performance!
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
SERENA: Pancham, we did it!
NINI: I hoped so.
PIERRE: Now, the Theme
Performance comes to an end.
The Freestyle Performance
will take place this evening,
so until then, au revoir!
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
SERENA:
Here's your Poké Puff.
CLEMONT: Thanks so much,
Serena.
SERENA: Sure thing!
PIKACHU: [EATING]
SERENA: You're eating way
too fast. Right, Eevee?
SERENA:
Eevee, what's wrong?
EEVEE: [SAD]
ASH: But you need
food for energy, Eevee.
PIKACHU: [AGREEING]
SERENA: Eevee didn't eat this
morning either.
CLEMONT: I'll just mix an Oran
and a Sitrus Berry in with the
Pokémon food, so
it's easier to eat.
EEVEE: [EATING]
ASH: It worked!
I'm glad it's eating.
BONNIE: You practiced so much.
Now all you have to do is dance!
EEVEE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIERRE: I welcome you
back on this lovely evening.
We will now begin our exciting
Freestyle Performance!
PIERRE: And first up
It's Nini!
NINI: Let's start it
off with Powder Snow!
SMOOCHUM: [POWDER SNOW MOVE]
NINI:Fury Cutter!
FARFETCH'D:
[FURY CUTTER MOVE]
NINI: All right,
Gothita, use Psychic!
GOTHITA: [PSYCHIC MOVE]
NINI: Now use Heart Stamp!
SMOOCHUM:
[HEART STAMP MOVE]
NINI: Fury Cutter, let's go!
FARFETCH'D:
[FURY CUTTER MOVE]
NINI: It's such a heartbreak
SERENA: Just what I'd expect!
WOMAN: Serena?
Stand by to go on stage!
SERENA: Right!
JESSIE: It's time
for Leech Seed!
GOURGEIST:
[LEECH SEED MOVE]
JESSILEE: Wobbuffet,
use Counter!
WOBBUFFET:
[COUNTER MOVE]
JESSIE: Olè!
GOURGEIST: [EXERTION]
JESSILEE: Olè!
JESSILEE:
Gourgeist, use Shadow Ball!
GOURGEIST:
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
WOBBUFFET:
[COUNTER MOVE]
JESSILEE: Use Seed Bomb!
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
JESSILEE: That's all, folks!
JAMES: YES! They nailed it!
JAMES: She can do it!
She can do it! Jess‐i‐lee!
SERENA: 'Kay, Ee
Braixen! Are you ready?
BRAIXEN, EEVEE:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
PIERRE: It's time for our final
Freestyle Performance!
Give a
warm welcome to Serena!
BONNIE: Finally. She's up!
ASH: She needs one more key.
She can do it!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
EEVEE: [NERVOUS]
SERENA: Yeah, here we go!
EEVEE: [STARTLED]/[DETERMINED]
SERENA: Braixen!
BRAIXEN: [HAPPY]
BRAIXEN: [EXERTION]
EEVEE: [HAPPY]
ASH: Way to go!
BONNIE: Yay, Eevee!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
SERENA: Use Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
EEVEE: [HAPPY]
EEVEE: [EXERTION]
EEVEE: [STARTLED]
SERENA: Eevee?
EEVEE: [UPSET]
EEVEE: [INSPIRED]/[DETERMINED]
PANCHAM: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Let's wrap it up!
EEVEE: [EXERTION]
BRAIXEN: [EXERTION]
SERENA: Now, Braixen,
use Fire Blast!
BRAIXEN: [FIRE BLAST MOVE]
SERENA: We're all DONE!
BRAIXEN, EEVEE: [HAPPY]
PIKACHU, CHESPIN,
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: They were great!
ASH: One of the best
performances I've ever seen!
EEVEE: [SAD]
SERENA: It's all right. Just
think, Eevee. It was your first
performance! Did you have fun?
EEVEE: [HAPPY]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
PIERRE: Alors, light
your glow sticks with the
corresponding color of the
performer who you thought
gave the best performance
PIERRE: S'il vous plait!
JAMES: Jessilee!
PIERRE: Now The winner has
been decided. And the
Princess Key goes
to performer Jessilee!
JESSILEE: Why, that's me.
MEOWTH: Wow. We won.
We were the best!
WOBBUFFET: [SOBBING]
All right!!
PIERRE: Jessilee, as winner of
this Showcase,
I present youwith
this Princess Key.
KLEFKI: [PLEASED]
JESSILEE:
I did it! I did it!
I did it! It's mine!
PIERRE: And that concludes our
Couriway Town Rookie Class
Pokémon Showcase! Au revoir!
JAMES: You did it, Jessie!
MEOWTH: It sure was a long time
coming, but that Princess Key
is
finally ours!
JESSIE: The title of Kalos Queen
is as good as mine.
I heard the entire venue sigh
after being mesmerized
by my beauty!
JESSIE: The path to
becoming royalty is as clear
as a bright, sunny day!
JESSIE: All the budding
performers who want to be part
of the Pokémon Showcase
JESSIE: and the many admirers
who are captivated by my beauty
and charm They will all bow down
in my presence
and give me the adulation
I truly deserve!!
Number one!!
SERENA: Nini? We'll try
it again next time. Okay?
NINI: Of course! I'll work hard!
ASH: Eevee? Don't be sad.
You did great for
your first Showcase!
PIKACHU: [AGREEING]
EEVEE: [DISAPPOINTED]
SERENA: He's right. And what's
important is to never give up.
No point in being upset.
PANCHAM: [ENCOURAGING]
PIKACHU, BRAIXEN, CHESPIN,
DEDENNE: [ENCOURAGING]
SERENA: See? They all want to
help us out, Eevee!
EEVEE:
[REALIZING]/[HAPPY]
SERENA: Okay. Let's do our
best at the next Showcase!
EEVEE: [EXCITED]
NARRATOR: Serena
wasn't able to win her third
Princess Key, but there's
always a next time,
as our heroes'
journey continues!